Well, every day in high school,
my classmates would talk about sex.
They would just talk about, you know,
their boyfriends and girlfriends
—what they did with them,
you know, over the weekend
and what they’re going to do.
They, of course, knew
that I was one of Jehovah’s Witnesses
and that I wouldn’t engage in premarital sex,
but that did not stop them from pushing.
Guys would invade my personal space.
Sometimes they would even try
to, you know, grab or touch me.
One day, a girl in class asked me
to touch her inappropriately.
Of course, I rejected her,
but she even started
or resorted to calling me names.
She called me lame,
and she said that I must be gay.
It seemed to be a game to them
to try to break me
and try to get me
to do things with them.
But the fact that I wouldn’t give in,
they thought it was fun or funny.
It got to the point
where this became very physical.
I had two classmates
behind me that were pushing me.
One classmate on each side of me
was grabbing my arms
and pushing me,
trying to make me touch her.
I knew that it was time to get out of there.
Being one of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
I was already very different in school,
but I was also very shy.
So at times, I wanted to fit in
with the crowd so that I wouldn’t have
that attention on me.
But I knew that this would displease Jehovah
if I, you know, went with the crowd
and did what the other kids were doing.
Well, I did say a quick,
silent prayer to Jehovah;
I said, “Jehovah, just please help me.”
I immediately in my mind thought of Joseph.
He was able to free himself
from Potiphar’s wife,
but he was able to get away
because of his resolve to please Jehovah.
And that’s exactly
what I knew I needed to do.
And I did just that
—I ran right out of the classroom.
Personal study was very important.
This made Jehovah really real to me.
The more real he was to me,
the more I didn’t want
to displease him and hurt him.
Having that relationship with him
and having that trust in him
really helped me get through those situations
of wanting to fit in
and going with the crowd.
Rejecting that girl was not easy,
but I did know
that it was the right thing to do.
Shortly before this incident,
my grandmother actually prepared me.
She would prepare Watchtower  articles for me
that talked about
how to deal with temptation.
Although those talks with her
were super-duper awkward,
if I’m being honest, they really helped me
to stay spiritually strong
and to resist the temptation.
My parents always told me
to use farsighted wisdom
—to think about how
that action would affect me
in the future,
affect my relationship with Jehovah
and with my friends and my family.
That definitely went
through my head a lot during that time.
All you need to do is trust in Jehovah,
because if you trust in him,
then everything is going to be OK.
The publication
that really helped me the most
was the Young People Ask  book, Volume 2,
chapter 5, “Why Stay a Virgin?”
This book was really a lifesaver for me.
Reading about how some
of my peers all around the world
are dealing with the exact same temptation
really gave me a sense of comfort
and helped me to feel that I was not alone.
Well, I’m really grateful
to Jehovah and the organization
for the love that they show to us young ones
—to help us not feel alone and to help us
push through these difficult situations.
The Young People Ask  book, Volume 2,
chapter 14,
“How Can I Protect Myself at School?”
really encouraged me in school
to be firm and to stand my ground
to make Jehovah happy.
Well, I’m so thankful to Jehovah
for recalling scriptures
like 1 Corinthians 6:18,
which says: “Flee from sexual immorality!”
And I’m happy to say
that I was able to do just that.
But, really, what makes me the happiest
is knowing that I made Jehovah happy,
and there is no greater feeling than that.